roadmap.md, before:

# Roadmap

<https://repomix.com/guide/> some ideas for giving code to LLMs

<https://cbea.ms/git-commit/> writing good commit messages

- Probably should automatically add --staged if no diff found, or just have that as default
- Interface for providing more custom args <http://sdk.vercel.ai/docs/ai-sdk-core/settings>
- Performance Benchmarking (manual)
- Run on previous commits
- Run on commits in date range, manually approve/deny all changes or ask it to try again
- Might as well have a frontend for the above
- Maybe it'll handle doing several commits from one prompt well, which would reduce cost a lot if using a lot of general codebase context
- More useful (as in not better libs to do same thing) to have it grade commit messages and suggest improvements

## Misc

Diff is ugly to present usually, maybe some react package for that

Probably prefer diffs in plain format since training data might work with diffs, but could try out something like diff/parse-diff/parse-git-diff

### Beyond .gitignore

Certain files should be commited but their diff not used for generating the message

- lockfiles
- certain file types (.bin)
- any very large diff

Client side can add `package-lock.json -diff` to `.gitattributes`

Commit message:

refactor: streamline prompt structure and update roadmap
Simplifies the prompt engineering structure by:
- Converting the complex instructions object to direct variables
- Reformatting examples as an array with cleaner structure
- Improving prompt guidelines organization
- Restructuring how the prompt content is assembled

roadmap.md, after:

# Roadmap

<https://repomix.com/guide/> some ideas for giving code to LLMs

<https://cbea.ms/git-commit/> writing good commit messages

- Optional footer with what model and code generated the message
- Make model surround actual message with tag or something so copy can work better
- Interface for providing more custom args <http://sdk.vercel.ai/docs/ai-sdk-core/settings>
- Performance Benchmarking (manual)
- Run on previous commits
- Run on commits in date range, manually approve/deny all changes or ask it to try again
- Might as well have a frontend for the above
- Maybe it'll handle doing several commits from one prompt well, which would reduce cost a lot if using a lot of general codebase context
- More useful (as in not better libs to do same thing) to have it grade commit messages and suggest improvements

## Misc

Diff is ugly to present usually, maybe some react package for that

Probably prefer diffs in plain format since training data might work with diffs, but could try out something like diff/parse-diff/parse-git-diff

### Beyond .gitignore

Certain files should be commited but their diff not used for generating the message

- lockfiles
- certain file types (.bin)
- any very large diff

Client side can add `package-lock.json -diff` to `.gitattributes`
